the Yukon is a dangerous place
you never know what's coming
I came up here because I didn't want to
be around anyone and then I met buck
he was a dog like no other
they've been spoiled
kenapa and he'd suffered
[Music]
but he could not be broken
I don't know where you came from but I
know where you are now welcome to the
last place on the earth I should let him
have a minute doesn't look like he's
ever seen snow before how do you feel
about an adventure
all maps we should go you and I where no
one's ever been before
see what's out there
glad you're enjoying this
I never saw him believe in anything as
much as he believes in you
[Music]
what do you say buck
adventure of a lifetime
[Applause]
you know sleeping for two days in my bed
[Music]